Ernie Banks:
I look at my life
and look back,
and what have I done?
I think that we all do that
as we get older in life,
we look at, "What have I done?
What have I accomplished?
What have I changed?
What has been the difference
that I made in people's lives?"
And I think about baseball.
I mean, America's
greatest pastime.
And maybe that's it,
you know, hit the baseball,
going to catch it,
playing against another team,
playing against other players,
and then it's over.
And what have I really done?
I mean, they show the records,
you won MVP awards,
you did this, you did that.
So it's very special as
I think about it in my life.
What in the world have I done
to receive this wonderful honor
as one of the greatest
citizens in this country?
Do something with
your life, do something,
get out here and do something.
That's my next message
to young people.
Education was one
of my precious things.
I went back to school after
I retired, went to Northwestern,
University of Chicago, Arizona
State, Columbia College,
it was just a voracious
appetite to learn,
you know, get knowledge.
Science, technology,
engineering, and math --
STEM program they call it.
And I want to train kids in math
and science since high school
to be good enough to go to MIT
and become a nuclear physicist.
That's my thinking.
Train young people that are
good in math and science,
and they should be, to go to MIT
to become a nuclear physicist
to save this world.